We have seen quite a few examples in this section.
You should be aware of the differences between
call-by-value and call-by-reference with regard to memory usage and data ownership.
Also you have seen that it makes a difference whether you
harness 32-bit or 64-bit operating system,
and even though the data structures from the examples have been small,
imagine a program where you have to create many, many,
many of such structures or maybe even larger structures which could
eventually lead to stack overflow and thus a program crash.
In the upcoming chapters,
call-by-value and call-by-reference will play an important role in many situations.
So let's move on to the next lesson which will introduce
dynamic memory management on the heap. See you there.